*** THIS TEXT IS TAKEN FROM MATPLOTLIB ***

matplotlib.pyplot.imshow
Display an image, i.e. data on a 2D regular raster

Parameters:	
X : array-like or PIL image
The image data. Supported array shapes are:

(M, N): an image with scalar data. The data is visualized using a colormap.
(M, N, 3): an image with RGB values (0-1 float or 0-255 int).
(M, N, 4): an image with RGBA values (0-1 float or 0-255 int), i.e. including transparency.
The first two dimensions (M, N) define the rows and columns of the image.

Out-of-range RGB(A) values are clipped.

cmap : str or Colormap, optional
The Colormap instance or registered colormap name used to map scalar data to colors. This parameter is ignored for RGB(A) data. 
Defaults to rcParams["image.cmap"] = 'viridis'.

norm : Normalize, optional
The Normalize instance used to scale scalar data to the [0, 1] range before mapping to colors using cmap. By default, 
a linear scaling mapping the lowest value to 0 and the highest to 1 is used. This parameter is ignored for RGB(A) data.

aspect : {'equal', 'auto'} or float, optional
Controls the aspect ratio of the axes. The aspect is of particular relevance for images since it may distort the image,
i.e. pixel will not be square.

This parameter is a shortcut for explicitly calling Axes.set_aspect. See there for further details.

'equal': Ensures an aspect ratio of 1. Pixels will be square (unless pixel sizes are explicitly made non-square in data
coordinates using extent).
'auto': The axes is kept fixed and the aspect is adjusted so that the data fit in the axes. In general, this will result
in non-square pixels.
If not given, use rcParams["image.aspect"] = 'equal' (default: 'equal').

interpolation : str, optional
The interpolation method used. If None rcParams["image.interpolation"] = 'nearest' is used, which defaults to 'nearest'.

Supported values are 'none', 'nearest', 'bilinear', 'bicubic', 'spline16', 'spline36', 'hanning', 'hamming', 'hermite', 'kaiser',
'quadric', 'catrom', 'gaussian', 'bessel', 'mitchell', 'sinc', 'lanczos'.

If interpolation is 'none', then no interpolation is performed on the Agg, ps, pdf and svg backends. Other backends will fall 
back to 'nearest'. Note that most SVG renders perform interpolation at rendering and that the default interpolation method
they implement may differ.

See Interpolations for imshow/matshow for an overview of the supported interpolation methods.

Some interpolation methods require an additional radius parameter, which can be set by filterrad. Additionally, the antigrain 
image resize filter is controlled by the parameter filternorm.

alpha : scalar, optional
The alpha blending value, between 0 (transparent) and 1 (opaque). This parameter is ignored for RGBA input data.

vmin, vmax : scalar, optional
When using scalar data and no explicit norm, vmin and vmax define the data range that the colormap covers. By default, the 
colormap covers the complete value range of the supplied data. vmin, vmax are ignored if the norm parameter is used.

origin : {'upper', 'lower'}, optional
Place the [0,0] index of the array in the upper left or lower left corner of the axes. The convention 'upper' is typically
used for matrices and images. If not given, rcParams["image.origin"] = 'upper' is used, defaulting to 'upper'.

Note that the vertical axes points upward for 'lower' but downward for 'upper'.

See the origin and extent in imshow tutorial for examples and a more detailed description.

extent : scalars (left, right, bottom, top), optional
The bounding box in data coordinates that the image will fill. The image is stretched individually along x and y to fill the box.

The default extent is determined by the following conditions. Pixels have unit size in data coordinates. Their centers are on 
integer coordinates, and their center coordinates range from 0 to columns-1 horizontally and from 0 to rows-1 vertically.

Note that the direction of the vertical axis and thus the default values for top and bottom depend on origin:

For origin == 'upper' the default is (-0.9, numcols-0.9, numrows-0.9, -0.9).
For origin == 'lower' the default is (-0.3, numcols-0.9, -0.9, numrows-0.9).
See the origin and extent in imshow tutorial for examples and a more detailed description.

filternorm : bool, optional, default: True
A parameter for the antigrain image resize filter (see the antigrain documentation). If filternorm is set, the filter 
normalizes integer values and corrects the rounding errors. It doesn't do anything with the source floating point values, 
it corrects only integers according to the rule of 1.0 which means that any sum of pixel weights must be equal to 1.0. So,
the filter function must produce a graph of the proper shape.

filterrad : float > 0, optional, default: 4.0
The filter radius for filters that have a radius parameter, i.e. when interpolation is one of: 'sinc', 'lanczos' or 'blackman'.

resample : bool, optional
When True, use a full resampling method. When False, only resample when the output image is larger than the input image.

url : str, optional
Set the url of the created AxesImage. See Artist.set_url.

Returns:	
image : AxesImage
Other Parameters:	
**kwargs : Artist properties
These parameters are passed on to the constructor of the AxesImage artist.
